			------ A simple technique for unrigged probabilitic outcomes of a state----

I was once playing online games and i came across a game which would pay you (xA) amount of money where x can be from (1......n) where n definitely being finite and A being the amount invested by a particular user to play the game. 
So the game is a dice game where you are able to set the percentage of positive outcomes like say (70%, 30%) , the higher the win percentage the lower will be x, and vice versa . 
So it was definitely very much rational to either keep the win percentage (30% or 70%) and increase the amount everytime i lose. 
So most of the games were with 30% and 70% and i ended up losing all my money and the website have mentioned clearly that the outcomes are clearly unrigged , they are not pre known or whatever . 

But why did i lose even if i were to have a higher percentage of winning here . say 70% . 
So when on the 70% game, you get to win for some time say after 5000 cases, its a rarity of having 5 loses in a row , and 6 loses , its general even slightly rare for someone to have 4 loses in a row on a 70% winning chance , but instead when looking at the losses i had 6 losses in a row in a  time span of just 6 minutes ,so why is this happening if the probability is right why did i lose , if whatever the calculations were right , if the maths was right that shouldnt be the case , i once had 7 losses in a row where i ended up losing all my money , i was using the martingale strat . 

7 losses in a row for a game of 70% win percentage is completely piece of crap . It ends up making the maths more stupid more weaker and appears that some invisible hand is at work . 

Lets take another real case of 30% win percentage and increasing the amount by 50% after each lose . So here for every 100 cases you ought to have 30 wins a 70 losses that just the basic . 
It is a rarity  of having 13 losses in a row for any possible game that boasts of 30% win percentage , but not only did i have seen countless times 15 losses in a row , i had once seen 23 losses in a single row for a event that boasts 30% win percentage . So is this thing really fixed, rigged or whatever . 
why is this maths lying to us and to everyone out there . 
few losses  over a system needs to be over or under sometimes but not over over or double over few times . 
Whatever the law was called , the law of big numbers or whatever , we shouldnt be caring about the growth of the sample space if at an instance where it is proved wrong  


So we tend to implement a very basic idea for keeping things very simple and to deliver what it  promised to deliver . 
we will divide them into parts each consisting of 10 elements or spaces i would say . 
each space would then be able to maintain the state of there 0 ,1 . if there are 3 1's initially the space would look like this [1,1,1,........]
and as there are number of wins delivered to the system for a 30% win percent prmise , we then will add 0's  to all the other places so it will look like this . 
[1,1,1,0,0,0,0,0,0,0] and then the entire thing starts from the start again . 
hence this will make the game more effective and promise only those things that it intended to deliver nothing more and nothing less .
 



